= What?

In early 2011 Facebook started to send all iframe application requests as POST. Because of this most REST based applications broke. This Rack::Facebook::MethodFix middleware looks for incoming POST requests. If the request contains _signed_request_ parameter it converts request to GET as originally intended. Optionally if you give Facebook application _secret_id_ in middleware settings it will also validate the contents of _signed_request_ parameter.
  
= Install

  gem install rack-facebook-method-fix

= Usage

  require "rack-facebook-method-fix"
  use Rack::Facebook::MethodFix
  
or

  require "rack-facebook-method-fix"
  use Rack::Facebook::MethodFix, :secret_id => "c561df165eacdd6e32672c9eaee10318"


You can exclude requests from being processed by adding an exclude option:

  use Rack::Facebook::MethodFix, :exclude => proc { |env| env['PATH_INFO'].match(/^\/admin/) }

This would make sure that no path in the /admin namespace would change from a POST to a GET regardless of the signed_request param.

  
== Contributing to Rack::Facebook::MethodFix
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mika Tuupola. See LICENSE for
further details.

